When Thomas and I first learned I was pregnant, we were both really shocked, but then we
grew more and more excited.
And we were so thrilled when we saw our little girl for the first time.
We really didn't care if it was a boy or a girl.
We just wanted the baby to be healthy.
Unfortunately, our hopes were completely destroyed when the doctor told us that the baby would
likely be born with severe problems and could even die.
My husband and his parents are not Jehovah's Witnesses, but they do feel abortion is wrong.
Still, they thought that we should listen to our doctor's advice.
I couldn't believe this was happening.
I even questioned why Jehovah would allow it.
I really felt it was more than I could bear.
Thomas asked me what I wanted to do, and I told him that I could never have an abortion.
He agreed that normally it would be wrong, but felt that in our situation, God would understand or so overwhelmed.
I was being pressured to make a decision I knew was wrong, but that everyone was telling me was best for my child.
I had never felt so alone.
I needed Jehovah more than ever, so I poured out my heart to him in prayer, and then I did research.
I showed Thomas the scripture I had found.
If men should struggle with each other, and they hurt a pregnant woman,
if a fatality does occur, then you must give life for life.
Jehovah views even the unintentional killing of an unborn child as a serious sin.
So how could we intentionally take the life of our child?
I made my decision clear to our doctor.
Thank you. I'll have a look at that later.
And to my in-laws.
There was a chance the diagnosis was incorrect, and I'd love to say that that's what occurred.
But it did not.
My daughter Chloe only loved a few weeks after she was born,
and losing her was the hardest thing I've ever had to endure.
But Jehovah gave me the courage to explain my beliefs to my husband, my in-laws, and the medical staff,
and they all expressed admiration for my strong faith.
And I've never regretted the decision I made.
Even though Chloe only loved those few weeks, I'm so grateful for the time I had with her.
I know Jehovah remembers every detail about her, and he'll give her back to me in the resurrection,
in perfect health, because all life is truly precious in his eyes.